---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: A short bio
---

Markus Oberweger received his BSc and MSc Degree in Telematics (Information and Computer Engineering) from Graz University of Technology in 2012 and 2014, respectively, and his PhD Degree in Computer Science from Graz University of Technology in 2018. During his MSc he focused on Computer Vision, Smart Sensors, and Business Studies and Law. During his PhD he worked on Computer Vision and Machine Learning methods for 3D pose estimation under the supervision of Prof. Vincent Lepetit. His research interests include Machine Learning methods for Computer Vision, specifically Deep Learning and Neural Network-based approaches, and methods for 3D hand pose estimation, 3D object pose estimation and hand-object interaction.

Currently, he works as a Senior Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineer on non-rigid 3D reconstruction. Before, he worked as a Research and Teaching Associate at the [Institute of Computer Graphics and Vision](https://www.tugraz.at/institutes/icg/home/) at Graz University of Technology, where he taught courses on *Computer Vision 1 & 2*, *Selected Topics Computer Vision*, *Introduction to Scientific Working*, and managed the project-oriented courses at the institute. In the industry he worked on diverse topics within Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Software Development for companies such as Facebook, Siemens, Bosch, Skidata, etc.

He served as a reviewer for many international conferences, such as *British Machine Vision Conference*, *Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition*, *SIGGRAPH*, *International Conference on Computer Graphics and Applications*, *International Workshop on Recovering 6D Object Pose*, *Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision*, *Conferences on Computer Graphics, Visualization and Computer Vision*, *Virtual Reality*, *International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems*, *International Conference on Robotics and Automation*.  
He also reviewed for international journals, such as *Applied Sciences*, *Computer Animation Virtual Worlds*, *Computer Vision, Image and Vision Computing*, *Machine Vision and Applications*, *Neurocomputing*, *Pattern Recognition*, *Robotics and Automation Letters*, *Sensors*, *Transactions on Image Processing*, *Transactions on Visualization & Computer Graphics*, *Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence*, *Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks*.  
Further, he served as Co-Chair at the *Computer Vision Winter Workshop* 2015, and as member of the Technical Committee for the *International Workshop on Observing and Understanding Hands in Action* 2017, 2018, 2019.
